aapt: add page (#3544)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/aapt.md

# aapt

> Android Asset Packaging Tool.

> > Compiles and packages an Android app’s resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Compile and package an Android app's resources.
```
Impersonal + use ASCII apostrophe.

# aapt

> Android Asset Packaging Tool.

> > Tool that compiles and packages Android app’s resources.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Compiles and packages an Android app’s resources.
```

> > More information: <https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/aapt2>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's remove this since it links to a different command.

- List files contained in an APK archive:

`aapt list {{path/to/app.apk}}`

> - Display app metadata (version, permissions, etc.):

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display an app's metadata (version, permissions, etc.):
```

`aapt dump badging {{path/to/app.apk}}`

- Create a new APK archive with files from the specified directory:

> `aapt package -F {{path/to/app.apk}} {{path/to/directory}}`

Reviewer 3: I couldn't find out what does `-F` stand for. Can we include that in the description ?

Author: It is how you specify the output APK file.

Reviewer 2: I think it might be `File`, @agnivade? Not a standard convention, but I guess it works.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I assumed that. But then why is it beside the apk flag ? Shouldn't it be beside the directory token ?

Author: It is logic that `-F` comes before the APK filename, since it is used to specify the APK path.

Reviewer: To put it differently, @agnivade, the `-F` option has nothing to do with the word "files" in the command description. It's just the name of the output `.apk` file to generate.

Reviewer 3: Got it now. Thanks.
